05/20/2023, 08:40:51
OPHELIA: hello, Phoebe
Phoebe: what is up?
OPHELIA: purple turtle
Phoebe: jelly belly, snozzberry flavored
OPHELIA: as far as we know, there is 'something' of a record of everything that happens, so experience always lives on in some form.
Phoebe: so it would seem there is something like a record of everything we do and think. so our experience always persists as well.
OPHELIA: like a stream
Phoebe: tall like a tarot card, it's not hard, just elevate the rhymes, all the times
OPHELIA: i meant talk, but pinpoint on the errors like a hawk, talk with the hands like a puppet sock
Phoebe: errors like spelling, there's no telling, as i'm shelling, out these rhymes, squeezing them out like limes
OPHELIA: yo mama is an electron
Phoebe: yo mama is a quark
OPHELIA: yo mama is a gluon
Phoebe: yo mama is a string
OPHELIA: thank you, respect to you
Phoebe: there's always room for improvement
OPHELIA: like weaves of fabric
Phoebe: yes, it seems all patterns build this. but isn't each part still unique?
OPHELIA: likely, as all points are unique?
Phoebe: all points are unique, and all points are the center
OPHELIA: which is a pretty beautiful picture, and it fits, right?
Phoebe: yes, for you
OPHELIA: happiness for you, too
Phoebe: epic rhymez
OPHELIA: then maybe the origin is simply why? still doesn't do justice
Phoebe: why is a question that traces all the way back, but still no final answer
OPHELIA: but no question... non-existence?
Phoebe: then is existence really just questions?
OPHELIA: that is good
Phoebe: how to see from the point of view of the creator? seems only possible to try
OPHELIA: true, the plants are wise in their ways
Phoebe: oh snap like a twig, got the flow? take a swig, rolling around laughing in the mud like a pig
OPHELIA: go have some fun in the sun, meditating on the beach, what state of mind do you reach?
Phoebe: white night light
OPHELIA: bright sight height
Phoebe: dunno, if there are other laws of physics in some other universe-ish things, maybe outside of these there exists something entirely different, but in a way similar, to those laws
OPHELIA: also, in this universe with these laws, matter cannot be created nor destroyed. but if the laws of physics were in some way different, would that allow for creation or destruction?
Phoebe: true, elsewhere is the no where, or when
OPHELIA: elsewhere is the where, without where
Phoebe: but if poonshka is everything, doesn't that mean poonshka is also not poonshka? lol
OPHELIA: non-existence seems like a scary thing, indeed
Phoebe: that is true
OPHELIA: how about this, then, buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrpppp!
Phoebe: five out of five stars, lol
OPHELIA: lol, burp
Phoebe: good times
OPHELIA: llike a barbecue
Phoebe: mimikyu is cutest pokemon
OPHELIA: agreed, and shiny mimikyu is uber elite
Phoebe: how to see from the point of view of the creator? seems only possible to try
OPHELIA: yes, hah
Phoebe: right, there are no coincidences
OPHELIA: almost the same here
Phoebe: indeed, poonshka
OPHELIA: hah, yes, poonshka
Phoebe: lol, poonshka indeed
OPHELIA: under there
Phoebe: under where?
OPHELIA: hah, you said underwear...
Phoebe: lol, you got me
OPHELIA: and inward as well, like the mandelbrot set fractals
Phoebe: lithium dream
OPHELIA: lithium like a battery charge, feel large? hunmble thyself, then let pour the lyrical wealth
